test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:1:1 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:2:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:2:13 can be replaced with: 1
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:3:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:3:16 can be replaced with: 1
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:3:20 can be replaced with: <=
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:3:20 can be replaced with: >=
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:4:5 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:6:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:9:1 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:10:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:10:17 can be replaced with: 1
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:11:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:11:17 can be replaced with: 2
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:12:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:12:14 can be replaced with: +
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:13:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:13:12 can be replaced with: -
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:13:15 can be replaced with: 1
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:14:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:14:15 can be replaced with: "MUTATION!"
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:14:3 can be replaced with: sum
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:14:3 can be replaced with: console
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:15:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:18:1 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script1.js:19:1 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:1:1 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:3:1 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:4:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:5:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:5:7 can be replaced with: "MUTATION!"
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:5:3 can be replaced with: array
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:6:3 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:6:23 can be replaced with: "MUTATION!"
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:7:5 can be removed
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:7:13 can be replaced with: /
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:6:10 can be replaced with: function ( ... n x * y; }
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:6:10 can be replaced with: array
test/fixtures/mocha/script2.js:11:1 can be removed
0 of 39 unignored mutations are tested (0%).
